## 5.How does internet actually works

---

Title/ Topic: __5. How does internet actually works__
Created : Sunday, May 8, 2022 4:26 PM
Tags: #Front-End-Development , #section01
Main backlink File:[[Front End Development]]
Source: 

---
Description: 

Comment: 

---

## Internet: 
1.  Internet is a long wire that connects computer to each other.
2. The computer in the Hyderabad is talking got the computer in the Delhi through this giant long wire.
3. The devices that serve you with the all the data is called a server.
4. The computer any user would use is called a client.
5. We can imagine that the web server as a giant library and it open 24/7.
6. It provides the all the data we have requested.

- If you wan tot go to the google homepage from you home computer.
- the  browser will will send the request to the internet service provider and then ISP will relay that message to the DNS server.
- DNS Domain Name Server is phonebook that contains all the IP address of the all the websites and then it will check the IP address of the request and relay it back to our browser.
- Each computer can be located by the Unique IP address.
- The Browser than with that IP will send a direct request to the address through the internet backbone.  https://www.submarinecablemap.com/
-  once we get the IP address of the website then the browser will send another request through the internet service provider via internet backbone to the server 216.58.210.46 which is a google server which contain all the files to view the google homepage.
- The Server will then sends all that files back to me through the internet backbone.
