## 16. How the Structure text in Html

---

Title/ Topic: __16. How the Structure text in Html__
Created : Monday, May 16, 2022 7:54 PM
Tags: #Front-End-Development , #section02  #HTML #HTML_Tags #HTML_attribute 
Main backlink File:[[HTML]]
Source: https://www.udemy.com/course/the-complete-web-development-bootcamp/learn/lecture/12287428#content

---
Description: 

Comment: 

---

# __16. How the Structure text in Html__


## Body

we write all the text that we want to display as heading using the heading tag inside the body tag like this.
``` html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en" dir="ltr">

<head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <title>Vinod Kumar Rodda Personal Site</title>
</head>

<body>
  <h1>Vinod Kumar Rodda</h1>
  <p></p>
</body>

</html>
```

we will use the 

### Paragraph tags

Paragraph tag to add the  information into the new line and group together into the same paragraph.

using the tags "em" we can make the text italic and by using the "b" then we can change the font to bold for the text. 
#HTML_Tags 

``` html
  <p><em><b>Student,studying at Malla Reddy College of Engineering</b></em></p>

```

We can also use the other tag that is Strong tag, Which says a meaning that the text has strong importance which is why it is displayed in bold.

```html
<strong>This text is important!</strong>
```


###  [b vs strong](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/strong#b_vs._strong "Permalink to <b> vs. <strong>")

It is often confusing to new developers why there are so many ways to express the same thing on a rendered website. [`<b>`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/b) and `<strong>` are perhaps one of the most common sources of confusion, causing developers to ask "Should I use `<b>` or `<strong>`? Don't they both do the same thing?"

Not exactly. The `<strong>` element is for content that is of greater importance, while the `<b>` element is used to draw attention to text without indicating that it's more important.

It may help to realize that both are valid and semantic elements in HTML5 and that it's a coincidence that they both have the same default styling (boldface) in most browsers (although some older browsers actually underline `<strong>`). Each element is meant to be used in certain types of scenarios, and if you want to bold text for decoration, you should instead actually use the CSS [`font-weight`](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/font-weight) property.

The intended meaning or purpose of the enclosed text should be what determines which element you use. Communicating meaning is what semantics are all about.


### [em vs. strong](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/strong#em_vs._strong "Permalink to <em> vs. <strong>")

Adding to the confusion is the fact that while HTML 4 defined `<strong>` as indicating a stronger emphasis, HTML 5 defines `<strong>` as representing "strong importance for its contents." This is an important distinction to make.

While `<em>` is used to change the meaning of a sentence as spoken emphasis does ("I _love_ carrots" vs. "I love _carrots_"), `<strong>` is used to give portions of a sentence added importance (e.g., "**Warning!** This is **very dangerous.**") Both `<strong>` and `<em>` can be nested to increase the relative degree of importance or stress emphasis, respectively.

[[17.HTML Lists]]